nixos/caddy: add support for reload (#217536)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2305.section.md

  [upstream's release notes](https://github.com/iputils/iputils/releases/tag/20221126)
  for more details and available replacements.

> - The new option `services.caddy.enableReload` is enabled by default, and allows reloading the Caddy service instead of restarting it if a config file is the only thing that changes. This option must be disabled if you have turned off the [Caddy admin API](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/options#admin). If you keep this option enabled, you should consider setting [`grace_period`](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/options#grace-period) to a non-infinite value to prevent Caddy from delaying the reload indefinitely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Caddy module gained a new options named `services.caddy.enableReload` which is enabled by default and allows reloading the service instead of restarting if only a config file changed. This option must be disabled if you have turned off the [Caddy admin API](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/options#admin). If you keep this option enabled, you should consider setting [`grace_period`](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/options#grace-period) to a non-infinite value to prevent Caddy from delaying the reload indefinitely.
```
If this is enabled by default, we should set a grace_period, too

Reviewer 2: Is this usage of `if only` right? OALD says "if only" is used to say that you wish sth was true or that sth had happened.  Any comments for native English speakers?

Reviewer 3: Yes, it sounds right to me - "only" here is a qualifier for the config file change. I think the sentence is doing too much work though, and would be better split up into two sentences:

> The Caddy module gained a new option named `services.caddy.enableReload` which is enabled by default. It allows reloading the service instead of restarting it, if only a config file has changed.

This corrects "options" to "option" and adds some words to the second sentence to make it read more easily.

- The option `services.nomad.extraSettingsPlugins` has been fixed to allow more than one plugin in the path.

- The option `services.prometheus.exporters.pihole.interval` does not exist anymore and has been removed.

> - The new option `services.caddy.enableReload` allows reloading the Caddy service instead of restarting it. Enabling this option requires the Caddy admin API to not be turned off.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The new option `services.caddy.enableReload` allows reloading the Caddy service instead of restarting it if a config file is the only thing that changes. Enabling this option requires the Caddy admin API to not be turned off.
```
